README.md, before:

ILP [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/klpdotorg/ilp.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/klpdotorg/ilp)
====


### Code

    git clone git@github.com:klpdotorg/ilp.git

### Setup virualenv using virtualenvwrapper.

    pip install virtualenvwrapper
    
Add these lines to your .bashrc and source it

    # add virtualenv wrappers
    export WORKON_HOME=$HOME/.virtualenvs
    export PROJECT_HOME=$HOME/Devel
    source /usr/local/bin/virtualenvwrapper.sh

Finally source .bashrc using the following command
    
    source ~/.bashrc

Create and activate the virtualenv

    mkvirtualenv --python=/usr/local/bin/python3 ilp
    workon ilp
   
### Install requirements

    pip install -r requirements/base.txt

### Create user klp in postgres

    createuser klp --superuser

User klp is needed to make the migrations work. Otherwise, there will be a FATAL error referencing the klp role. It needs to be superuser so that the copy command works.

The default peer authentication might not work if you're accessing the db as another user. So either set an `md5` password authentication system or `trust` all local connections.

    emacs -nw /etc/postgresql/9.3/main/pg_hba.conf

Edit:

    local   all   all   peer

To:

    local   all   all   trust

### Install and create a local database

    sudo apt-get install postgresql-9.3
    sudo apt-get install postgresql-9.3-postgis-2.1
    Make sure the postgres application is running.
    sudo -u postgres createdb -E UTF8 -O klp -T template0 ilpproduction

### Install postgis extensions in the created database
    psql -d ilpproduction -c "CREATE EXTENSION postgis;"

### Create a Local settings file

    mv ilp/settings/local_settings.py.sample ilp/settings/local_settings.py

    OR

    mv ilp/settings/prod_settings.py.sample ilp/settings/prod_settings.py

### Setup your database

Install Postgres 9.3 or above. Have the following configuration in your local_settings.py file.

    DATABASES = {
        'default': {
        'ENGINE': 'django.db.backends.postgresql_psycopg2',
        'NAME': 'your_db_name',
        'USER': 'your_db_username',
        'PASSWORD': 'your_db_password',
        'HOST': '',
        'PORT': '',
        }
    }

Run:

    python manage.py migrate

### Fill static data
    python manage.py loaddata apps/*/fixtures/*.json

### To import old data refer to README.md in imports directory


### Run the application

    python manage.py runserver

Visit `http://127.0.0.1:8000/`

### Code Formattng guidelines
See PEP8 @ https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/

Commit message:

Added info about databases needed

README.md, after:

ILP [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/klpdotorg/ilp.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/klpdotorg/ilp)
====


### Code

    git clone git@github.com:klpdotorg/ilp.git

### Setup virualenv using virtualenvwrapper.

    pip install virtualenvwrapper
    
Add these lines to your .bashrc and source it

    # add virtualenv wrappers
    export WORKON_HOME=$HOME/.virtualenvs
    export PROJECT_HOME=$HOME/Devel
    source /usr/local/bin/virtualenvwrapper.sh

Finally source .bashrc using the following command
    
    source ~/.bashrc

Create and activate the virtualenv

    mkvirtualenv --python=/usr/local/bin/python3 ilp
    workon ilp
   
### Install requirements

    pip install -r requirements/base.txt

### Create user klp in postgres

    createuser klp --superuser

User klp is needed to make the migrations work. Otherwise, there will be a FATAL error referencing the klp role. It needs to be superuser so that the copy command works.

The default peer authentication might not work if you're accessing the db as another user. So either set an `md5` password authentication system or `trust` all local connections.

    emacs -nw /etc/postgresql/9.3/main/pg_hba.conf

Edit:

    local   all   all   peer

To:

    local   all   all   trust

### Install and create a local database

    sudo apt-get install postgresql-9.3
    sudo apt-get install postgresql-9.3-postgis-2.1
    Make sure the postgres application is running.
    sudo -u postgres createdb -E UTF8 -O klp -T template0 ilpproduction

### Install postgis extensions in the created database
    psql -d ilpproduction -c "CREATE EXTENSION postgis;"

### Create a Local settings file

    mv ilp/settings/local_settings.py.sample ilp/settings/local_settings.py

    OR

    mv ilp/settings/prod_settings.py.sample ilp/settings/prod_settings.py

### Setup your database

Install Postgres 9.3 or above. Have the following configuration in your local_settings.py file.

    DATABASES = {
        'default': {
        'ENGINE': 'django.db.backends.postgresql_psycopg2',
        'NAME': 'your_db_name',
        'USER': 'your_db_username',
        'PASSWORD': 'your_db_password',
        'HOST': '',
        'PORT': '',
        }
    }

Run:

    python manage.py migrate

### Fill static data
    python manage.py loaddata apps/*/fixtures/*.json

### Setting up to build ILP DB from scratch

Databases required before beginning imports :

EMS - Get dump from one of the devs
dubdubdub - get gz file from /home/vamsee @ dev.klp.org.in
klp-coord - get gz file from /home/vamsee @ dev.klp.org.in
electrep_new - get gz file from /home/vamsee @dev.klp.org.in

More to come (TBD)

Once the DBs are set up, run all the scripts per app in the imports directory. Please refer to READMEs there under each folder.

### Run the application

    python manage.py runserver

Visit `http://127.0.0.1:8000/`

### Code Formattng guidelines
See PEP8 @ https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/
